README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="https://laravel.com/assets/img/components/logo-tinker.svg"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/tinker"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/tinker.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/tinker"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/tinker/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/tinker"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/tinker/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/tinker"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/tinker/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Introduction

Laravel Tinker is a powerful REPL for the Laravel framework.

## Installation

To get started with Laravel Tinker, simply run:

    composer require laravel/tinker

## Basic Usage

From your console, execute the `php artisan tinker` command.

## License

Laravel Tinker is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Explain issues of dispatching jobs from tinker.

README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="https://laravel.com/assets/img/components/logo-tinker.svg"></p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/tinker"><img src="https://travis-ci.org/laravel/tinker.svg" alt="Build Status"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/tinker"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/tinker/d/total.svg" alt="Total Downloads"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/tinker"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/tinker/v/stable.svg" alt="Latest Stable Version"></a>
<a href="https://packagist.org/packages/laravel/tinker"><img src="https://poser.pugx.org/laravel/tinker/license.svg" alt="License"></a>
</p>

## Introduction

Laravel Tinker is a powerful REPL for the Laravel framework.

## Installation

To get started with Laravel Tinker, simply run:

    composer require laravel/tinker

## Basic Usage

From your console, execute the `php artisan tinker` command.

### Dispatching jobs

The `dispatch` helper function as well as the `dispatch` method on your `Dispatchable` class depend on garbage collection to place the job on the queue. Therefore, when using Artisan `tinker`, you should use `Bus::dispatch` or `Queue::push` instead.

## License

Laravel Tinker is open-sourced software licensed under the [MIT license](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
